Game:A form of play or sport, especially a competitive one played according to rules and decided by skill, strength, or luck.
Simulation:The technique of representing the real world by a computer program.
Animation:The technique of photographing successive drawings or positions of puppets or models to create an illusion of movement when the movie is shown as a sequence.
Music:An art form and cultural activity whose medium is sound organized in time.
Photoshop:To edit an image using a computer program.
Dream:To pursue the goal you are dreaming of.
Hall of Fame:A hall, wall, or walk of fame is a list of individuals, achievements, or animals, usually chosen by a group of electors, to mark their fame in their field.
Dictionary:A reference source in print or electronic form containing words usually alphabetically arranged along with information about their forms, pronunciations, functions, etymologies, meanings, and syntactic and idiomatic uses.
SideKick:A person's assistant or close associate, especially one who has less authority than that person.
Facebook:A popular free social networking website that allows registered users to create profiles, upload photos and video, send messages and keep in touch with friends, family and colleagues.
Advertisement:A notice or announcement in a public medium promoting a product, service, or event or publicizing a job vacancy.l
League of Legends:A multiplayer online battle arena video game developed and published bu Riot Games for Microsoft Windows and macOS.
Halloween:The night of October 31, the eve of All Saints' Day, commonly celebrated by children who dress in costume and solicit candy or other treats door-to-door.
Storytelling:The activity of telling or writing stories.
Director:A person who is in charge of an activity, department, or organization.
Debug:Identify and remove errors from computer hardware or software.
Duplicate:Exactly like something else, especially through having been copied.
Dimension:A measurable extent of some kind, such as length, breadth, depth, or height.
Object:A material thing that can be seen and touched.
