je:The nominative singular pronoun, used by a speaker in referring to himself or herself.
moi:The objective case of I, used as a direct or indirect object.
classe:A group of students meeting regularly to study a subject under the guidance of a teacher
jeu:A competitive activity involving skill, chance, or endurance on the part of two or more persons who play according to a set of rules, usually for their own amusement or for that of spectators.
jouer:Exercise or activity for amusement or recreation.
musique:The tones or sounds employed, occurring in single line (melody) or multiple lines (harmony), and sounded or to be sounded by one or more voices or instruments, or both.
tissu:Woven or knitted material.
bonjour:Used to express a greeting, answer a telephone, or attract attention.
au revoir:Farewell; a conventional expression used at leave-taking or parting with people and at the loss or rejection of things or ideas.
comment:In what way or manner; by what means
amour:A feeling of warm personal attachment or deep affection, as for a parent, child, or friend.
garcon:A young man who lacks maturity, judgment, etc.
fille:A young, immature woman, especially formerly, an unmarried one.
ami:A person who is on good terms with another; a person who is not hostile.
rever:A succession of images, thoughts, or emotions passing through the mind during sleep.
danse:To move one's feet or body, or both, rhythmically in a pattern of steps, especially to the accompaniment of music.
genereuse:Liberal in giving or sharing; unselfish:
pourquoi:For what? for what reason, cause, or purpose
objet:A thing, person, or matter to which thought or action is directed.
errer:To ramble without a definite purpose or objective; roam, rove, or stray.
toi:The pronoun of the second person singular or plural, used of the person or persons being addressed, in the nominative or objective case.
prof:A person who teaches or instructs, especially as a profession; instructor.
mere:A female parent.
frere:A male offspring having both parents in common with another offspring; a male sibling.
pere:A male parent.
soeur:A female offspring having both parents in common with another offspring; female sibling.
infirmiere:A person formally educated and trained in the care of the sick or infirm.
hopital:an institution in which sick or injured persons are given medical or surgical treatment.
chien:a domesticated carnivorous mammal that typically has a long snout, an acute sense of smell, and a barking, howling, or whining voice. It is widely kept as a pet or for work or field sports.
chat:a small domesticated carnivorous mammal with soft fur, a short snout, and retractile claws. It is widely kept as a pet or for catching mice, and many breeds have been developed.
Feu:combustion or burning, in which substances combine chemically with oxygen from the air and typically give out bright light, heat, and smoke.
Feu de camp:a fire outside that is made and used esp. by people who are staying in tents.
poulet:a domestic fowl kept for its eggs or meat, especially a young one.
chapeau:a shaped covering for the head worn for warmth, as a fashion item, or as part of a uniform.
eau:a colorless, transparent, odorless, tasteless liquid that forms the seas, lakes, rivers, and rain and is the basis of the fluids of living organisms.
chemise:a garment for the upper body made of cotton or a similar fabric, with a collar, sleeves, and buttons down the front.
fatigue:in need of sleep or rest; weary.
personne:a human being regarded as an individual.
ours:a large, heavy, mammal that walks on the soles of its feet, with thick fur and a very short tail. Bears are related to the dog family, but most species are omnivorous.
vache:a fully grown female animal of a domesticated breed of ox, used as a source of milk or beef.
biche:a female deer.
cerf:a hoofed grazing or browsing animal, with branched bony antlers that are shed annually and typically borne only by the male.
heure:a period of time equal to a twenty-fourth part of a day and night and divided into 60 minutes.
miroir:a reflective surface, now typically of glass coated with a metal amalgam, that reflects a clear image.
chaise:a separate seat for one person, typically with a back and four legs.
voiture:a road vehicle, typically with four wheels, powered by an internal combustion engine and able to carry a small number of people.
chaussures:a covering for the foot, typically made of leather, with a sturdy sole and not reaching above the ankle.
main:the end part of a person's arm beyond the wrist, including the palm, fingers, and thumb.
tete:the upper part of the human body, or the front or upper part of the body of an animal, typically separated from the rest of the body by a neck, and containing the brain, mouth, and sense organs.
parapluie:a device consisting of a circular canopy of cloth on a folding metal frame supported by a central rod, used as protection against rain or sometimes sun.
tatouage:mark (a person or a part of the body) with an indelible design by inserting pigment into punctures in the skin.