yo:The nominative singular pronoun, used by a speaker in referring to himself or herself.
clase:A group of students meeting regularly to study a subject under the guidance of a teacher
tu:The pronoun of the second person singular or plural, used of the person or persons being addressed, in the nominative or objective case.
jugar:Exercise or activity for amusement or recreation.
musica:The tones or sounds employed, occurring in single line (melody) or multiple lines (harmony), and sounded or to be sounded by one or more voices or instruments, or both.
juego:A competitive activity involving skill, chance, or endurance on the part of two or more persons who play according to a set of rules, usually for their own amusement or for that of spectators.
chica:A young, immature woman, especially formerly, an unmarried one.
chico:A young man who lacks maturity, judgment, etc.
hola:Used to express a greeting, answer a telephone, or attract attention.
adios:Farewell; a conventional expression used at leave-taking or parting with people and at the loss or rejection of things or ideas.
profesor:A person who teaches or instructs, especially as a profession; instructor.
padre:A male parent.
madre:A female parent.
hermano:A male offspring having both parents in common with another offspring; a male sibling.
hermana:A female offspring having both parents in common with another offspring; female sibling.
que:For what? for what reason, cause, or purpose
como:In what way or manner; by what means
gato:a small domesticated carnivorous mammal with soft fur, a short snout, and retractile claws. It is widely kept as a pet or for catching mice, and many breeds have been developed.
perro:a domesticated carnivorous mammal that typically has a long snout, an acute sense of smell, and a barking, howling, or whining voice. It is widely kept as a pet or for work or field sports.
Bailar:To move one's feet or body, or both, rhythmically in a pattern of steps, especially to the accompaniment of music.
amigo:A person who is on good terms with another; a person who is not hostile.
enfermera:A person formally educated and trained in the care of the sick or infirm.
hospital:an institution in which sick or injured persons are given medical or surgical treatment.
amor:A feeling of warm personal attachment or deep affection, as for a parent, child, or friend.
mas:a greater or additional amount or degree.
salir:go away from.
si:used to give an affirmative response.
ven:move or travel toward or into a place thought of as near or familiar to the speaker.
aqui:in, at, or to this place or position.
restaurante:a place where people pay to sit and eat meals that are cooked and served on the premises.
computadora:an electronic device for storing and processing data, typically in binary form, according to instructions given to it in a variable program.
persona:a human being regarded as an individual.
maquina:A piece of equipment with moving parts that does work when it is given power from electricity,gasoline, etc.
Calificacion:Something that is necessary in order for you to do, have, or be part of something.
victoria:Success in defeating an opponent or enemy.
rabia:A strong feeling of anger that is difficult ro control.
impacto:The act or force of one thing hitting another. A powerful or major influence or effect.
duplicar:Exactly like something else, especially through having been copied.
hoy:on or in the course of this present day.
teléfono:an electrical system that you use to talk to someone else in another place, by dialing a number on a piece of equipment and speaking into it.
mochila: bag carried on the back, usually of cloth with many pockets and straps that go over your shoulders, used to carry things.
agua:a colorless, transparent, odorless, tasteless liquid that forms the seas, lakes, rivers, and rain and is the basis of the fluids of living organisms.
triste:feeling or showing sorrow; unhappy.
cansado:in need of sleep or rest; weary.
esposa:a married woman considered in relation to her spouse.